{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red78\green27\blue26;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 David Jenkins 
\i \'93Images That Change the World!\'94
\i0\b0  \uc0\u8232 \u8232 David Jenkins is a photographer of life exploring the joy and beauty that surrounds us. David\'92s vision is to create Images that Change the World and that show Reflections of the Spirit! In a world that can often be very ugly it is important to be reminded of what is important and true.\u8232 \u8232 Over the past twenty two years David has run the successful photographic business \'96 Nomad Photography. It has been an exciting and varied experience covering various photographic assignments including Extreme Sport, Travel / Adventure, Portraiture, Reportage, Dance, News, Sports Team Photographer, TV Film Unit Photographer (Documentaries) and Wilderness / Environmental.\u8232 \u8232 David's clients include the City Of Sydney (as official photographer to Sydney\'92s Lord Mayor since 1997), the NSW Ministry for the Arts (as official photographer to the NSW Premier), NSW Rural Fire Service, Royal Institute for Deaf and Blind Children as well as many commercial and private clients.\u8232 \u8232 A strong believer in the power of photography not only to change people\'92s minds but people\'92s hearts David has undertaken environmentally themed work on many of the environmental challenges facing mankind and our planet. This has recently led to wonderful collaborations with the Manly Environment Centre (MEC) and Macquarie Universities Marine Mammal Research Group.\u8232 \u8232 
\b Awards
\b0 \uc0\u8232 1st Place in North Sydney Council \'93Seniors Moments\'94 Photography Competition 2009\u8232 Short Listed Manly Environment Centre \'93Eco Awards\'94 2009 and 2010\u8232 Short Listed Hasselblad Masters 2002 and 2003\u8232 \u8232 
\b Books Published
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \'93This Is Me!\'94 Portraits of Life by David Jenkins, Published in 2010\u8232 \u8232 
\b Solo Exhibitions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \'93This Is Me!\'94 Portraits Of Life in galleries in Manly and Surry Hills, Sydney. 2004\u8232 \u8232 
\b Photography Collections / Achieves
\b0 \uc0\u8232 City Of Sydney Council\u8232 NSW State Government - NSW Ministry of the Arts\u8232 North Sydney Council - Stanton Library\u8232 Manly Council - Manly Art Gallery and Museum\u8232 \u8232 
\b Group Exhibitions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Directory of The Art Sanctuary Gallery 2005 to 2010\u8232 Manly Environment Centre \'93The Beauty of Biodiversity\'94 2010\u8232 Manly Environment Centre \'93Ocean Care Day\'94 2007, 2008, 2009 & 2010\u8232 Manly Environment Centre \'93Lagoon Life\'94 2009\u8232 North Sydney Council \'93Seniors Moments\'94 2009\u8232 Manly Art Gallery & Museum \'93The Nature of Manly\'94 2008-09\u8232 Manly Environment Centre \'93Forces of Nature\'94 2007\u8232 Mosman Art Gallery \'93Mosman 2088\'94 2005 & 2006\u8232 Canberra Museum & Art Gallery \'93The Day the Sky Turned Black!\'94 2004-05\u8232 Manly Council \'93My Manly\'94 2005\u8232 Hasselblad Masters 2002 & 2003\u8232 \u8232 
\b Published In
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\b Magazines
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Inside Sport \u8232 Pro Photo\u8232 Australian Camera (photos and stories)\u8232 Photography International\u8232 Scuba Diver Magazine\u8232 The Australian Way \'96 Qantas inflight magazine\u8232 Panorama - Ansett inflight magazine\u8232 Jet Action News and Trick (photos and stories)\u8232 \u8232 
\b Newspapers
\b0 \uc0\u8232 The Sydney Morning Herald\u8232 The Sun Herald\u8232 The Sunday Telegraph\u8232 The Australian Magazine\u8232 Manly Daily
\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320
\cf0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'a0\
\'a0\
}