{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803

\f0\fs24 \cf0 VINTOGRAPHERS' NEWS:\
\

\b Kirsten's Lucky Charms
\b0 \
Kirsten Spry is very excited to reveal that her cyanotype series, Lucky Charms, is being exhibited by major record label EMI as part of their Art Project. The images will be shown in the Flinders Street-facing windows of EMI\'92s new offices in Surry Hills from 20 Sept for 6-8 weeks. \
\

\b Primrose Park Artists on Show
\b0 \
Kirsten will also be on show with work by Tony Peri, David Jenkins & Jill Lacina at the Manly Art Gallery on Thursday 20 September from 6-8pm. The four Primrose Park Photographers were invited to the gallery following on from their successful \'91VINTOGRAPHY\'92 exhibition in the HeadOn Photography Festival in May earlier this year. They will be showing a selection of hand-made photographs using alternative & historic printing processes and talking about their methods, materials and ideas behind their work. Many works will be out of frames and seen up close.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803
\cf0 As a special treat, the gallery has invited Tony to make a bromoil, on site, on the night, alongside an original Harold Cazneaux bromoil that the gallery has in its collection. So you will be able to get an insight into this beautiful process whilst seeing a vintage work from one of Australia\'92s fathers of photography. The gang will discuss their contemporary photographs hand-made from digital & film cameras as salt prints, cyanotypes, wet-plate collodion 'Tintypes', bromoils and photogravures. Come along if you can.\
\

\b Artist Exchange #12 \'96 Vintography
\b0 \
Where: Manly Art Gallery & Museum, West Esplanade, Manly \
When: Thurs 20 Sept, 6 \'96 8pm\uc0\u8232 Cost: $5 \'96 a Gallery Society event, to support the work of MAG&M \
Contact: MAG&M 9976 1421\
http://www.manlyartsfestival.com\
\

\b 2012 Head On Photo Festival
\b0 \
The 'Vintography' Exhibition, a group exhibition featuring works by David Jenkins, Jill Lacina, Tony Peri and Kirsten Spry, and a collection of contemporary photographs created using Bromoil, Salt Print, Cyanotype, Photogravure and Wet-Plate Collodian processes, held in May/June at Artspace On The Concourse, Chatswood, Sydney, was a great success. Opening night was a particular highlight\'97with over 100 people attending, boutique wines supplied by Short Sheep Wines of Mudgee, and special musical guests The Transylvaniacs who got the crowd dancing\'97as was the special artists' talk 'Vintography: Making vintage photographs in the digital age,' which was well-attended. A good number of artworks sold and there was great deal of positive feedback and some glowing reviews. \
http://trashbaggery.com/2012/05/29/vintography-artspace-on-the-concourse-head-on-photography-festival-2012/\
http://mosman-daily.whereilive.com.au/lifestyle/story/focused-on-the-good-old-ways/\
\
See our Facebook page for more about the exhibition.\
}